rainbird head over to a scooch a great
headphones and disha lombourg's priest
easy individual flick is Erica shows
what they're working on in this kitchen
you actually do work with mad skis on it
which is an amazing artist Orange County
let's head over see what's going on
so this is andy schulenburg Andrew this
is tate with a camera in his hand thanks
for coming by why are you an event so
this is a skuce they're here at class at
ASR and I talked a bit about what you've
been working on yeah basically what we
have here is a Scrooge is sort of a
lifestyle based audio
and we have here is my excuse that we
just have out in the marketplace
launched in october the design direction
in our direction if you can see
kind of very like a classic 70s sci-fi a
little bit of retro in there with modern
components obviously
Brandes QJ is based off the Spanish for
escuchar which means to listen
we have two styles basically have this
style which is called the 33 and a third
we have some vinyl references and this
head
the branding is kind of like LP
some texture on the air cup comes in
these three colors rose gold silver and
black
other so we have
it's called the control
and it comes in this cpu color we call
it which is like computer beige early
computer beige CPU and black what stores
can we find is Gucci and win skuce is in
October going to be shipping it to
in the Los Angeles area stores like
American Rag you also find us in select
Urban Outfitters
some cool online retailers that we were
going to be working with as a top man
UK and the u.s. turntable that
audio out of Portland so it's going to
be a cross between you know fashion
lifestyle boutiques and music
independent music stores and sort of
everything that embodies the sort of
culture of contemporary music and
fashion
thank you very much for your time and
drew love you guys first of all to we
surf Florence September yeah that's
September's shift lowers together shralp
Alfred does it look the part the guy
rips
all right gentlemen